Events related to sustainability 8th Goal
1)
Event Name : National capacity building workshop on “Applications of Juncao technology and its contribution to the achievement of sustainable agriculture and the sustainable development goals in Zimbabwe”
Data :  Tue 02 Nov 2021, 8.00 am — Thu 04 Nov 2021, 4.00 pm
Description : 
I.	BACKGROUND
 With little more than a decade left to achieve the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development and the Sustainable Development Goals, the world is not on track to end poverty and hunger by 2030. While economic development has delivered enormous benefits across the globe, lifting more than 1.2 billion people out of extreme poverty since 1990, the world remains off-track toward eliminating poverty and hunger by 2030. The pace of global poverty reduction has been slowing down, with the share of the world’s population living in extreme poverty declining to 8.2 per cent in 2019, from 10.0 per cent in 2015 and 15.7 per cent in 2010. The global prevalence of undernourishment has remained unchanged at slightly below 9 per cent since 2014. In absolute terms, about 690 million people were undernourished in 2019, up by nearly 60 million from 2014. Progress in attaining these goals has been severely impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic. According to recent World Bank estimates, the global extreme poverty rose in 2020 for the first time in over 20 years as the COVID-19 pandemic pushed an additional 88 million to 115 million people into extreme poverty. More worringly, an estimated 71 million additional people will be living in extreme poverty due to the COVID-19 pandemic, with sub-Saharan Africa expected to see an additional 26 million people living in poverty as a result of the pandemic.2 Like many sub-Saharan African countries, Zimbabwe has not been sparred from these challenges. According the 2021 Zimbabwe Economic Update,3 high prices and challenging economic conditions sharply increased poverty and inequality. Extreme poverty rose 1 Juncao technology has been developed by the National Engineering Research Centre for Juncao Technology of the Fujian Agriculture and Forestry University (FAFU) of China. The technology has a multi-faceted approach of cultivating mushroom and fungi for food and medicinal purposes while at the same time addressing soil erosion for maintaining the volume of arable land and also supporting livestock feed development. 2 United Nations. The Sustainable Development Goals Report 2020. United Nations: New York 3 The World Bank Group. Zimbabwe economic update: overcoming economic challenges, natural disasters, and the pandemic: social and economic impacts. June 2021, Issue 3 2 to 42 per cent in 2019, from 30 per cent in 2017, affecting 6.6 million people. In 2019, a devastating drought, and Cyclone Idai also led to a increase in food insecurity that affected nearly half of the population. Food insecurity was also exacerbated by inadequate reach/coverage of relevant social protection programmes. Less than a quarter of the increased number of extreme poor households received food aid in June 2020. Despite these challenges, economic recovery is underway and the economy is expected to expand by about 7.4 per cent in 2021, a significant improvement compared to 2020, led by a recovery in agriculture, improved electricity generation and sower than expected inflation. To overcome these challenges, the agricultural sector is expected to spearhead Zimbabwe’s recovery. In particular, the National Development Strategy 1 (2021-2025) seeks to boost agriculture production and productivity, especially by smallholder farmers by addressing structural constraints to agriculture productivity, inadequate access to finance, inputs such as seeds and fertilizer, and appropriate science, technology. Tackling these constraints will ensure food and nutrition security, enhanced income, increased opportunities for value addition and the development of agro-business value chains. These challenges are complex and multidimensional, requiring innovative solutions that are home-grown, sustainable, replicable and scalable. Some of these solutions are also provided through South-South and Triangular cooperation as exemplified by the Juncao technology that was developed by FAFU and is being implemented in over 100 developing countries. Zimbabwe, a country where agriculture is the backbone of the economy, contributing about 24.1 percent of the gross domestic product has expressed interest to join this group of countries. Although smallholder farmers play a critical role in food and nutrition security in Zimbabwe, with their production accounting for the bulk of the country’s food, many smallholder farmers often struggle with poverty and food insecurity. Smallholders and family farmers are increasingly struggling to make a living from their land and labour because of inadequate access to markets, low soil fertility and reliance on rain-fed systems. In addition, smallholder farmers and workers along the value chain have limited or no access to financial services. This constrains their ability to acquire productivity-enhancing inputs such as seeds, fertilizer and labour-saving technologies.4 These challenges have raised numerous questions as what needs to be done at the country, regional and global levels. While each country must take primary responsibility for its own development, increased effective national efforts should be complemented by concrete, effective and supportive international programmes, measures and policies aimed at expanding their development opportunities. To that end, in September 2015, Heads of State and Government adopted the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development and its Sustainable Development Goals. 5 Further, Member States committed themselves to promote sustainable agriculture to ensure sustainable development to lift 4 http://www.fao.org/zimbabwe/en/ 5 UN, Transforming our world: the 2030 Agenda for sustainable development, Doc. #A/Res/70/1, 21 October 2015. 3 millions out of poverty. They also committed themselves to support smallholder farmers, especially women farmers and herders in developing countries, particularly the least developed countries. To help support global efforts to promote appropriate agricultural technologies and practices that contribute to the achievement of food security and the eradication of poverty, the National Engineering Research Centre for Juncao Technology of the Fujian Agriculture and Forestry University (FAFU) of China developed the Juncao technology (jun meaning fungi, cao meaning grass). This technology, which is being transferred to developing countries through South-South cooperation and upon request, allows farmers in developing countries to grow several types of nutritious mushrooms from dried, chopped grasses, without cutting down trees and damaging the environment. Such an environmental-friendly technology can help small-scale farmers and farming communities to develop a low-cost, commercial-scale mushroom cultivation industry that can provide sustainable livelihood for thousands. In addition, the technology can also be used for producing cattle feed and methane gas. Planting Juncao grass in drought prone areas has also been shown to minimize soil erosion and to combat desertification. In the long run, depending on local demand and the scale of production, it may also provide opportunities for exporting the mushrooms cultivated using the technology. Hence, the mobilization of capacity building and the transfer of environmentally sound technologies to developing countries such as the Juncao technology contributes to the achievement of the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development and the SDGs as well as regional development frameworks such as AU Agenda 2063 and national development plans such as NDS1. DESA, in partnership with FAFU is partnering with the Government to support farmers, including smallholder farmers and family farmers, poor rural women and youth have sustainable livelihoods and decent employment through capacity-building efforts aimed at promoting sustainable agriculture. When successfully implemented, the Juncao technology will contribute to addressing poverty, employment and environmental concerns in rural areas. The High-Level Political Forum on Sustainable Development (HLPF) that has the central role in overseeing follow up and review in implementing the Goals and targets at the global level has also underlined and reiterated the importance of supporting developing countries in their efforts to implement the SDGs and advance the implementation of the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development. 6 
II. OBJECTIVES OF THE WORKSHOP
 Recognizing the urgency to end poverty and hunger everywhere by implementing SDG 17 which calls for strengthening the means of implementation and revitalizing the Global Partnership for Sustainable Development, the Division for Sustainable Development Goals of the Department of Economic and 6 UN, Ministerial Declaration of the 2017 High-Level Political Forum on Sustainable Development, convened under the auspices of the Economic and Social Council on the theme eradicating poverty and promoting prosperity in a changing world, Doc. # E/2017/L.29–E/HLPF/2017/L.2, 14 July 2017. 4 Social Affairs, in collaboration with the National Engineering Research Centre for Juncao Technology of the Fujian Agriculture, (FAFU) and Ministry of Lands, Agriculture, Fisheries, Water and Rural Resettlement, Zimbabwe are organizing a hybrid national workshop on “Applications of Juncao technology and its contribution to the achievement of sustainable agriculture and the sustainable development goals and in Zimbabwe”, to be held in Haraee, Zimbabwe, from 2 to 4 November 2021. The purpose of the meeting is to bring together experts from the Ministry of Lands, Agriculture, Fisheries, Water and Rural Resettlement, National Engineering Research Centre for Juncao Technology of the Fujian Agriculture, the United Nations system, academia, smallholder farmers, entreprenurs, and development partners to (i) enhance international support for implementing effective and targeted capacity building to support the National Development Plan 1 (NDS1) to implement the Sustainable Development Goals, (ii) discuss key questions and opportunities related to the adoption and implementation of the Juncao technology in Zimbabwe, including the role that the United Nations system and other development partners can play to accelerate global actions for a world without poverty and hunger, (iii) enhance knowledge and strengthen national capacities to improve national policies and programmes supporting sustainable agriculture through the transfer of appropriate technology, including Juncao technology, (iv) and (v) come up with policy recommendations on how the transfer and adoption of the Juncao technology can contribute to eradicating poverty and hunger, improve livelihoods, benefit smallholder farmers, cooperatives, women and youth entrepreuners, and ensuring that no one is left behind. In the context of the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development, the workshop will highlight the benefits of South-South, North-South and Triangular Cooperation as a means of enhancing access to science, technology and innovation, knowledge sharing as well as capacity building and to effectively contribute to the achievement of the Sustainable Development Goals.
II.	PARTICIPANTS 
The meeting will be a three-day event that will allow a robust exchange of ideas that contribute to achieving the objectives of the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development, AU Agenda 2063 and the National Development Plan 1 (2021-2025). Experts from the National Engineering Research Centre for Juncao Technology of the Fujian Agriculture and Forestry University (FAFU) of China, policymakers, local experts, the UN system and development partners will set the stage for the meeting by making presentations on the Juncao technology and mushroom production in Zimbabwe, with a particular focus on gaps, challenges and opportunities along the agri-value chain. The interaction will foster the identification of actionable capacity building and programmatic needs as well as encourage greater inter-agency convergence and collaboration within the United Nations system in sharing knowledge, promoting policy dialogue, facilitating synergies, mobilizing funds, providing technical assistance in the key policy and programmatic areas underlying the overarching objective of the 2030 Agenda. 
IV. EXPECTED OUTCOMES
 At the conclusion of the Capacity Building Workshop, it is anticipated that the participants will: 5 • Have acquired enhanced knoweledge and a better understanding of the requirements that are required for the successful adoption and implementation of Juncao technology, including its potential contribution to sustainable agriculture and the achievement of the SDGs. • Be able to participate in ongoing and planned national capacity building initiatives to advance the Agenda and the SDGs' implementation. • Be able to build and be part of the Juncao technology knowledge networks at the national, regional and global levels that is critical to the sharing of experiences and lessons learned implementing the Juncao technology in various national contexts. V. ORGANIZATIONAL AND ADMINISTRATIVE MATTERS In addition to inviting experts from FAFU and the UN system, the Ministry of Lands, Agriculture, Fisheries, Water and Rural Resettlement, Ziexperts will closely work with the Division for Sustainable Development Goals of UNDESA to identify and invite about 30 national participants and local experts, taking into consideration gender balance. The Division will meet the costs related to the participation (travel and per diem) of all the invited local participants and experts from outside the United Nations system.
.
2)


Event name : High-Level Policy Workshop on Mainstreaming Micro-, Small and Medium-sized Enterprises (MSMEs) in implementing the African Continental Free Trade Area (AfCFTA) in The Gambia

Data : Wed 15 Dec 2021, 9.00 am
Description : Representing the majority of enterprises, micro-, small and medium-sized enterprises (MSMEs) are important taskforces for employment creation and poverty reduction in The Gambia. MSMEs provide a significant share of employment and comprise critical livelihood opportunities for women, youth and groups in vulnerable conditions. With the coming into force of the Africa Continental Free Trade Agreement (AfCFTA), a great opportunity is availed to MSMEs to benefit from increased high-value market opportunities. To ensure the realization of benefits of AfCFTA to MSMEs, it requires deliberate actions taken by government authorities and inclusive partnerships with diverse stakeholders. In this background, the high-level policy workshop is jointly organized by the Division for Sustainable Development Goals, Department of Economic and Social Affairs (DSDG/DESA), the UN Country Team in The Gambia and the Ministry of Trade, Industry, Regional Integration and Employment (MoTIE). It aims to facilitate dialogue among senior policymakers, MSME entrepreneurs and researchers and provide policy recommendations to strengthen the capacity of Gambian MSMEs to leverage opportunities brought by the AfCFTA. It will also explore good practices and solutions to address potential challenges the AfCFTA may pose to MSMEs in The Gambia.3


Event name : Leveraging Science, Technology, and Innovation to Build More Resilient Food Systems: the case of the Juncao Technology
Date            : 8:00-9:00 am, 13 July 2021, Eastern Standard Time 3:00-4:00 pm, 13 July 2021, East Africa Time 8:00-9:00 pm, 13 July 2021, China Standard Time 0:00-1:00 am, 14 July 2021, Fiji Standard Time Zoom Meeting
Description : Eradicating poverty in all its forms and dimensions, including extreme poverty and hunger, is the greatest global challenge facing the world today. It is also an indispensable requirement for sustainable development, particularly in Africa, in the least developed countries, in landlocked developing countries, in small island developing States and in some middle-income countries. However, it is of great concern that the world was off track to meet the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) of eradicating poverty and ending hunger by 2030 even before the outbreak of the novel coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic hit. If anything, progress in attaining these goals has been severely impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic. According to recent World Bank estimates, the global extreme poverty rose in 2020 for the first time in over 20 years as the COVID-19 pandemic pushed an additional 88 million to 115 million people into extreme poverty. This translates into a global poverty rate —the share of the world’s population living on less than $1.90 per day— between 9.1% and 9.4% in 2020. A renewed commitment to fully implementing SDG 17 on strengthening the means of implementation and revitalizing the global partnership for sustainable development will be critical to getting back on track and avoiding a prolonged or permane

nt setback to achieving the 2030 Agenda and the Sustainable Development Goals. Besides increasing official development assistance, efforts are also required to design sustainable and inclusive recovery strategies that include leveraging science, innovation, and technology to promote agriculture development and building the capacity of smallholder farmers to adopt and such technologies. In that regard, the 2030 Agenda calls for enhanced and expanded access by developing countries to appropriate technologies that are pro-poor and raise productivity. Sustainable solutions must be developed, scaled up and disseminated, using the untapped potential of new and rapidly developing technologies. One such solution is the Juncao technology that was developed by the National Engineering Research Centre for Juncao Technology of the Fujian Agriculture and Forestry University (FAFU). The Juncao technology is a successful example of an innovation being deployed through south-south cooperation to build more resilient food systems, minimize environmental damage and end poverty and hunger in line with the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development. Smallholder farmers in developing countries experience serious challenges that include lowproductivity agriculture, lack of access to high-yielding crop varieties, fertilizer, credit, markets, and land degradation and desertification. Agricultural production systems are also based on increasing cultivated areas and family labor, with limited use of improved inputs, production methods and agricultural equipment, putting them at risk of poverty and hunger. The socioeconomic impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic has further compounded these challenges, adding urgency to the call to galvanize action and delivery of the SDGs and the eradication of poverty and hunger, particularly in rural areas. Hence, greater efforts are required to address rising levels of poverty and food insecurity and to support countries in achieving SDG1 and SDG2 and nutrition for all. To support countries in achieving the SDGs, the Chinese President Xi Jinping spearheaded a series of initiatives, notably the establishment of the China-UN Peace and Development Trust Fund. The Fund aims to promote scientific and technological innovation in the developing world and contribute to the work of the UN and multilateralism. Sponsored through the Fund, the UN Department of Economic and Social Affairs (UN DESA), in collaboration the National Engineering Research Centre for Juncao Technology of the Fujian Agriculture and Forestry University, launched an SDG project on poverty alleviation and sustainable agriculture through using Juncao technology in several developing countries. Through the transfer of technology and capacity building, the Juncao project has improved the availability and access to productivity-enhancing technology, benefiting smallholder farmers. To date, the Juncao technology demonstration centers and bases have been established in 13 countries by FAFU and around 8,000 agricultural officials and experts from developing countries have been trained. By supporting mushroom cultivation and animal feed, this technology contributes to boosting food security and the transition to a green economy through environmentally friendly technology, more sustainable agriculture, and green jobs, which is the foundation for sustainable and inclusive development. Through south-south cooperation, this initiative aims to enhance knowledge and strengthen national capacities of developing countries to improve their policies and programmes by supporting sustainable agriculture, promoting productive activities, income generation and entrepreneurship, contributing to getting back on track and accelerating global efforts to achieve the SDGs. In particular, the project is addressing rural poverty and hunger, decent job deficits and inequality as key levers to getting back on track to achieve the SDGs. Experience from the field in several developing countries shows that the project using Juncao technology has helped local communities advance progress in SDGs implementation, including in eradication of poverty, reduction of hunger, use of renewable energy, promotion of employment, prevention of land degradation, restoration of biodiversity, and improved resilience and adaptation to climate change. The 2021 high-level political forum (HLPF) is an opportune moment for the Permanent Mission of the People's Republic of China to the UN, UN-DESA and FAFU to co-organize this side event in order to highlight the benefits of south-south and triangular cooperation as a means of enhancing access to science, technology, and innovation, knowledge sharing as well as capacity building and to effectively contribute to the achievement of the SDGs.
 Objectives and Expected Outcomes 
1. To enhance knowledge and strengthen national capacities of developing countries to improve their policies and programmes supporting sustainable agriculture and environment through the transfer of Juncao technology to eradicate poverty, and promote productive activities, income generation, and entrepreneurship especially among the poor, smallholder farmers, women, youth and to contribute to the achievement of the SDGs. 
2. To highlight the benefits of South-South and Triangular Cooperation as a means of enhancing access to science, technology, and innovation, knowledge sharing as well as capacity building and to effectively contribute to the achievement of the SDGs.
3. Strengthen dialogue among stakeholders, promote the sharing of ideas and suggest initiatives and partnerships, while strengthening its role in facilitating knowledge transfer and offering space for networking.
 Participation
  Member States, representatives from UNDESA and other UN entities and international organizations, as well as the public, civil society organizations, the private sector, academia, agriculture, food and nutrition experts, and entrepreneurs will be invited to participate in the online side event.

4)
Event name : LAUNCH OF E-LEARNING COURSE ON HARNESSING CLIMATE and SDGs SYNERGIES

Date: Tue 06 Jul 2021, 12.30 pm
Description : 
The world community faces major crises at the same time: The global COVID-19 public health crisis is worsening in many countries, causing loss of life, human suffering, and economic and social stress at levels not seen in decades. There is continued poverty in many countries across the world, with increasing socio-economic disparities. Despite the slow-down during the pandemic, recent reports on the continued rise in global greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions are alarming scientists and development policymakers. Without more ambitious action on climate, the world community may not be able to reach the main goals of the Paris Agreement of keeping climate change and global temperature increases in check.
As countries seek to address these interlinked challenges, harnessing climate and SDG synergies in recovery plans, in the updated NDCs, and in national efforts to advance the SDGs, present an unprecedented opportunity to raise climate ambitions, to leave no one behind, and to accelerate progress on the 2030 Agenda.  It is in this context that UNDESA, UNFCCC, and UNITAR came together to develop an e-learning course to share the science, evidence, and tools that enable climate and SDG synergies. The course builds on the 2019 Climate and SDG Synergies Conference and the 2020-2021 Synergies Learning Series, going into more depth to provide policymakers with tools and evidence they may use to advocate for climate and synergies in related intergovernmental fora as well as their local context.
The main objective of this event is to highlight the importance of climate and SDGs synergies, particularly in the context of the challenges facing the global community today. It provides an opportunity to hear about concrete examples of synergies that demonstrate the potential of tying climate action to job growth and poverty reduction; human health; financing; food security. The event will include insights from representatives of UN missions and countries who have already embarked on creating synergies between SDGs and climate action and whose experiences are featured in the e-learning course.
5 )
Event name : 2021 SDGs Learning, Training and Practice

Date              : Tue 06 Jul 2021, 8.30 am — Mon 12 Jul 2021, 6.00 pm
Description : Co-organized by the United Nations Department of Economic and Social Affairs, Division for Sustainable Development Goals (DESA/DSDG) and the United Nations Institute for Training and Research (UNITAR) New York Office
 
A Special Event of the 2021 High-level Political Forum on Sustainable Development under the auspices of ECOSOC
The 2021 United Nations High-level Political Forum on Sustainable Development, convened under the auspices of the Economic and Social Council, was held from Tuesday, 6 July, to Thursday, 15 July 2021.
The Division for Sustainable Development Goals (DSDG), at the United Nations Department of Economic and Social Affairs (UN DESA/DSDG) and the United Nations Institute for Training and Research (UNITAR), New York Office, have organized the 2021 edition of the SDGs Learning, Training & Practice – a series of capacity building and knowledge learning sessions held as a Special Event to the HLPF, featuring speakers and experts from many sectors on crucial topics related to the implementation of the SDGs under review in 2021.
In the 2021 HLPF, participants were able to explore various aspects of the response to the COVID-19 pandemic and the various measures and types of international cooperation that can control the pandemic and its impacts and put the world back on track to achieve the SDGs by 2030, within the decade of action and delivery for sustainable development.
1. Theme
The SDG Learning, Training and Practice Special Event aligned with the 2021 HLPF theme: "Sustainable and resilient recovery from the COVID-19 pandemic that promotes the economic, social and environmental dimensions of sustainable development: building an inclusive and effective path for the achievement of the 2030 Agenda in the context of the decade of action and delivery for sustainable development".
It was also aligned with the set of SDGs to be reviewed in depth at the 2021 HLPF: 
2. Format
The 2021 SDGs Learning, Training and Practice Special event was held in a virtual format via an online meetings platform.
Ten learning sessions were organized and distributed in the first five days of the HLPF (6, 7, 8, 9 and 12 July). Each 1.5-hour long session was organized by national governments and relevant stakeholders selected through an open application process. 
UNITAR and UNDESA provided the online platform for the sessions, coordinate participants registration, outreach and reporting. 
3. Output
The 2021 SDGs Learning, Training & Practice workshops aimed to advance:
•	Knowledge and skills acquisition
•	Networking
•	Sharing experiences and peer to peer collaboration
•	Learning about practical actions and best practices
•	Capacity building
•	Practical policy integration and coherence
All sessions were livestreamed, recorded, and open to all interested participants. A dedicated page was set up at the 2021 HLPF website to promote information about the different sessions.
A summary report is being produced by DESA and UNITAR.
4. Open call for Learning Sessions proposals
The selection of the courses were be based on the outcomes of an open call to national governments and stakeholders. Deadline for the submission of course proposals was 25 March 2021. 
5. Logistical arrangements
Due to the ongoing COVID-19 crisis and in order to accommodate as many participants as possible, the 2021 SDGs Learning, Training and Practice was delivered in a virtual format. UNDESA and UNITAR staff hosted the meetings and managed digital logistics to ensure their smooth operation. 
Only registered participants received the link to connect to the call one or two days prior to the session. Each session was able to accommodate up to 1000 participants.
6. Final summary report
Please find the final summary report of the 2021 SDGs Learning, Training and Practice under the documentation tab on this page or directly here
7. 2021 SDGs Learning, Training and Practice in Numbers
Please click the 'programme' tab for more information about the individual sessions, concept notes and recordings. All recordings can be found in the special 2021 SDG Learning playlist on YouTube. 


